If we don't do something,
the restaurant is done.
Previously on "Mistresses"...
I fell in love with a married man.
That was the first crime I committed.
I believe Elizabeth Grey ended his life.
Did you cancel with my friend
so that you could go
have sex with your boss?
What kind of person does that?
Lucy!
Try to stay calm, Mrs. Malloy.
I'll be right back. We're gonna find her.
April, what are you doing here?
Where is she?
Where's who? Slow down.
Lucy! I know you took her.
Lucy? I don't have Lucy.
Stop lying to me, you son of a bitch!
Where is my daughter?
I don't have her.
April, I don't have Lucy.
Then Miranda. Miranda took her.
- Miranda's in Florida with Scottie.
- Really?
She called me from the
landline this morning.
I know she's there.
April, talk to me. What
the hell is going on?
I don't know.
I don't... I don't... I don't know.
I don't know where she
is. I can't find Lucy.
- synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Frankly, I'm not sure what
we're doing here today.
Well, uh, Your Honor,
this is in regards to the
matter of Grey vs. Kim.
Thank you for stating
the obvious, Mr. Taylor.
What I meant was, I see no case here.
I've examined these depositions,
and the only thing that seems irrefutable
is that Thomas Grey was seriously ill.
The amount of lost earnings
you claim here is negligible.
As to whether or not Dr. Kim was present
at the time of his death,
the evidence is circumstantial at best.
Isn't that for a jury to decide?
Actually, it isn't.
I have no intention of
wasting this court's time
on what I perceive to
be a frivolous lawsuit.
Case dismissed.
That's it? It's over?
Were you hoping for more?
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Ooh.
Oh, no.
Can someone get that, please?
Hello?
We lost.
Oh, my God, that is fantastic.
I mean, I mean, I'm so
sorry. That really sucks.
Go ahead and do your little
happy dance now so that
when we get back to the office,
you can act depressed with the rest of us.
You're already dancing, aren't you?
Maybe a little bit,
But I promise I will mope it up
once you guys get back to the office.
Hey, is there anyone out there?
Dom, I gotta go.
I think all the assistants
have left the building.
All right.
Bye. Oh.
You answered. It's a miracle.
Jeff.
Hi.
Uh, I'm sorry. I was
just... I was really swamped.
Well, between you and your husband,
neither one of you knows
how to return a call.
You'd think I was
an auditor instead of
your business manager.
What can I do you for?
Well, I'm not sure how much
Harry's already told you, but...
Assume he's told me nothing.
Oh, well, uh, I hate to
do this over the phone,
but I need an answer as soon as possible.
About what?
About whether or not you wanna
close down the restaurant.
Come in!
Last time, I promise.
Oh, what is it, Harry? I'm late.
Blue hoodie.
Pretty sure it was in
the dry cleaning basket.
If not, it's on the floor of the closet
or possibly under the bed.
Dude, I have to get to Alex's
before she leaves for class, okay?
Can't you just get it yourself?
I am not stepping foot back in that house.
Oh, my God.
You've got to get over it, okay?
I'm telling you, that guy has
never been back to this house.
You don't know that, Joss.
I do know that, Harry.
The only person sleeping in
Savi's bed right now is me.
Nice mattress, by the way.
Oh, the memory foam is amaze-balls.
I'll live without the hoodie.
Harry.
Is there someone I can e-mail a picture to?
I can do it on my phone.
Okay, thank you, officer.
Oh, shoot.
Did you try any of the
parents in her class?
I mean, maybe she went to a friend's house
- and didn't tell you.
- No, but she knew we were going out together.
We had a plan.
Maybe she forgot.
Take me home.
I'm late for work.
Yeah, I know.
You're seriously not even gonna talk to me?
There's nothing to talk about.
Alex, come on. It was one mistake,
which wasn't even a mistake technically,
- considering we...
- Joss, I'm not doing this.
It's not worth it.
Wow. Thanks a lot.
No. No. You do not get to be hurt.
Of course I'm hurt.
Alex, you're throwing away
our entire relationship. Why?
I was not the one who threw it away.
You did that all by yourself.
Will you please just ta...
Stay here.
I'll text you if she's inside.
Okay.
Lucy!
Lucy, are you here?
Hey.
Come here.
Come here. Come here.
It's okay.
Yes? Hello?
Oh, my God. Thank God.
What? What?
It's the police. They found Lucy.
Oh, thank God.
So should I come down there now or...
Right, okay.
Thank you so much, officer.
She's at the police
station in Santa Monica.
Santa Monica?
Apparently, she took
the bus down to the pier.
I don't even know how she
knew which one to get on.
- Why?
- I don't know.
Uh, all I know is that they have her,
and they're bringing her back now, so...
I'm leaving. But, April, please...
I'll call you.
I promise.
Hey.
I called you this morning.
Did you get my message?
Yeah. I've been with patients all day.
I haven't had a second.
Oh, good. You're both here.
I'm actually on my way out the door. Uh...
This'll just take a minute.
I couldn't let this entire day pass
without celebrating Dr.
Kim's acquittal, so...
There was never a trial, Lila.
Dismissal, acquittal, either way...
You won. Cheers, Dr. Kim.
I know I speak for all of us when I say,
whew, what a relief.
Ahh. I'm, uh, I'm sorry I can't stay.
I have a dinner.
Congratulations, Karen.
Thank you.
I just can't believe you
were put through all this.
Thanks, Lila, but I have to go, too.
Have a nice night.
Oh.
Doctor's office.
Dr. Kim?
It's a Dr. Josh Burke from
the state licensing board.
He says he wants a meeting with you.
I've been trying to talk to
Harry about it for weeks now,
but he refuses to engage.
What exactly is the problem?
We're hemorrhaging money.
I need 25 grand to stop the bleeding.
After that, I can focus on
fixing what isn't working,
starting with our marketing strategy.
Why don't you just hire a publicist?
I wanted to. Your husband refused.
Clearly, I should be
talking to you about this.
No, no, no, no, no.
These are all his decisions to make.
You know, it's his restaurant.
Yeah, but it's... your investment.
Restaurants are a risky business.
We knew that going in.
Obviously, this is more
than a business investment.
This is your life here,
your... your husband's dream.
We split up, Jeff.
What?
We're separated.
So you can stop calling him
my husband every five minutes.
It's kind of killin' me.
Savi, I'm so sorry.
I never would have come here if...
I know.
He's lost, Savi.
You're the only one that
can get through to him
when he's like this.
I can't be that person for him anymore.
I'm sorry.
But you're gonna have to
find the money someplace else.
Or shut it down.
- Mommy, mommy, I'm so sorry.
- Oh, sweetie.
It's okay, sweetie. You're okay.
Apparently, one of those Disney kids
was giving a free concert
at the pier this afternoon.
Your daughter got a little
lost trying to find it.
A concert?
Luckily, she located a
police officer right away.
As you can see, she's pretty shaken up.
Thank you so much, officer.
Thank you for bringing her home.
Good night.
Good night. Oh, it's okay.
You're okay.
Oh, God.
Now that is something I could do
at least another five to seven times.
This office suits you.
Mm. You should see what I
can do in a California king.
I'm just sayin'.
No, no, you misunderstand.
I would like to put your name in
for the management position, hmm?
How do you feel about that?
Aren't you the manager?
No, no. I am a consultant.
I was brought in to help put
the company back on track,
which I did,
with your assistance, of course.
Oh. Well, you're welcome.
Thank you.
But now I have to go back
to Paris, so I have to...
Wait, wait, whoa. What?
I'm... I'm leaving tomorrow night.
Wh... Olivier, you're going
back to Paris tomorrow evening?
I thought I'd mentioned
this to you earlier.
No. No, you... you never
mentioned it, Olivier, ever.
Oh. You are upset?
Yeah, I'm upset. What the
hell did we even do this for?
Uh, forgive me. I don't follow.
Olivier, if you had told me 48 hours ago
that you were leaving,
I wouldn't have let you
screw up my entire life.
What kind of arrogant jerk
starts up a fling with someone
two days before they leave the country?
Hey.
I didn't realize. I...
Did you hope that this would
turn into something more?
You and me? God, no.
Then what is the problem?
The problem is, Olivier,
it's obnoxious, okay?
You knew that I was in a relationship!
Yes.
- And?
Oh, my... and you didn't
even think twice about it,
and now because of you,
Alex broke up with me, okay?
Uh, no, no, no, no.
Because of you she broke up with you.
I don't have a girlfriend or wife.
- I do have an ex-wife, so I...
- You know what? Never mind, okay?
I was right about you. You're a douche.
And you're still a child.
Tant pis pour toi.
Oh...  go back to Europe...
Asshole.
I dropped my phone in
the toilet this morning.
Before you ask, I did try the rice thing,
but it didn't help.
So I ended up spending all day at the grove
waiting for these geniuses.
Which, are they geniuses? I think not.
But I got my upgrade, so it was worth it.
Um, so you haven't had your phone all day?
No.
I'm sorry.
Um, did you try to call me?
I... I should have checked in.
I... I left a message for you.
Um, Lucy went missing today.
What?
It's okay. We found her. She's fine.
- Oh, thank God.
- Yeah.
God.
Wait. "We" who?
Paul was with me.
Yeah, it... it's a long story,
and I promise to tell you all about it,
but right now, I really
just need to get some sleep.
Of course. I'm really sorry
that I wasn't around today.
Oh, no, it's okay. You... you didn't know.
You okay?
Can I call you tomorrow?
Yeah, of course.
I... I'll have my new phone.
You can help me pick out a new wallpaper.
- I can't wait.
- Yeah. Bye.
Bye.
Night.
Walk with me.
What's going on? Somebody die?
They're not making the official
announcement until tomorrow,
but I wanted to give you the heads-up
- in case you're upset.
- Upset?
Why would I be upset?
Oh, my God. Somebody really did die?
No. No, no. No... no one died.
No, it's, um, they're making me...
partner.
Get outta here.
Are you serious?
Oh, Dom, that's amazing.
Really? You're not secretly
hating me right now?
No. No, of course not.
Why would I hate you?
I just know how much you wanted this.
I did want this.
But I didn't earn it.
I think we should celebrate.
Fancy dinner?
Bottle of wine that you
can drink all by yourself?
Well, it's hard to say no to that.
Tomorrow night?
Tomorrow night sounds good.
So it's a, um...
it's a date?
Yes.
And while there are many
doctors in the association
who are sympathetic
to end-of-life options
for the terminally ill, the fact remains,
assisted suicide is still illegal.
But I didn't assist him.
Did you prescribe the morphine?
Yes, but...
If you would like to deny
any of these allegations,
including the affair with
your patient, Thomas Grey,
I'd be happy to take it back to the board.
Right.
Then, unfortunately,
you've crossed one too many ethical lines.
Meaning what?
There was talk of permanently
revoking your license.
But because of the important work
you've done in our community,
the board felt that a 6-month suspension
was more appropriate.
Six months?
Beginning immediately.
Hold on.
Do you realize what this
means to my practice?
Forget my reputation, but my patients...
Dr. Kim...
I have several critical cases right now.
I can't just abandon them.
You should've thought of that before.
You want another glass of milk?
No, thank you.
Do you want to talk about it?
Do we have to?
Eventually.
But if you're not ready, we can wait.
I'm not ready.
Okay.
But probably not gonna be
able to go tonight, right?
Can't go where?
To Audrey Rose's slumber party.
It's her birthday.
Oh, right, right. I forgot about that.
You can go.
Really?
Promise is a promise.
You're the best mom in the world.
Hey, it's me.
I need a girls' night.
Ooh. Love the dress.
Oh. Love yours more.
Table, or...
No, bar. I know my way.
Hi. Can I get a shot of Tequila?
Uh, top shelf?
Thank you.
Cheers.
Buy the next round,
and maybe I'll let you sit closer to me.
Two, please.
I'm Morgan.
Ouch. That's a terrible name.
I'm gonna tell my mom you said that.
- And I just brought up my mom, so...
- Yeah, you did.
Can I start over?
Please.
Good. Thank you. Um...
Hi. I'm Morgan. What's your name?
Well, I haven't decided if
I'm gonna tell you that yet.
It's a little early for Tequila, isn't it?
It's happy hour, Harry. Get into it.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm fine. I'm great, in fact.
I'm young, I'm single,
the hostess girl loves my dress,
so what more could a girl ask for?
- Joss, you might wanna slow down a bit...
- Uh, hey, Harry,
did... did you serve some
bad fish or something?
Why is it so dead in here?
Right-o. Have fun.
What?
Hey, can I get another round, please?
Yes, coming right up.
Hey.
Hi.
I wanna go first.
Oh, I think we should wait for Joss.
She didn't answer my text.
She might not be coming.
Oh, then I think I
should go on Joss' behalf.
You really think Joss
is gonna win this game?
No, but I owe it to her to at least try.
Hi. My name is Joss.
And my life sucks the most because...
You can't even think of one reason.
No, wait. Because my
girlfriend broke up with me,
and I am sad.
To Joss.
Okay. My turn.
Hi. I'm Karen.
My life sucks the most
because my license got suspended.
And my reputation as a
psychiatrist is officially mud.
Do people still say "mud"?
That sounds so old-fashioned.
I think it's dated.
Fine. My reputation is...
destroyed.
So dramatic.
To me!
- To Karen.
Okay. Whoo!
- Okay.
- Here we go.
Hi. I'm Savi.
Hi, Savi.
Uh, my life sucks the
most because I'm pregnant,
and I don't know who the dad is...
and I just found out
I'm not gonna be partner.
Would you...
And I'm going on the first date in 15 years
because my marriage is dead.
And, oh, yeah, I'm pregnant.
I get to say that twice
because I feel really fat.
You're not fat.
I feel really fat.
Fine. To Savi.
To Savi.
To me.
Oh, my God, it's Paul.
I thought he was leaving town.
He was, but I needed his help
when I couldn't find Lucy yesterday.
You couldn't find Lucy yesterday?
It's a long, horrible story
which I will tell you about in a minute.
Hey, Paul.
Put him on speakerphone.
- No. No.
- I just wanna hear his voice.
Unlike you, I haven't seen him
since he's... been alive.
So who are you going on the date with?
Why do you ask?
I'm curious.
Dom.
Is that terrible?
Not as terrible as me sleeping with Sam.
What did he want?
He wants to come by
tomorrow to talk about Lucy.
What did you say?
I said okay.
He was so helpful yesterday,
and I promised to call
him today and I didn't.
Should I have said no?
I think you have a runaway preteen daughter
and a dead husband who isn't dead anymore.
Which means you win the game, April.
To April.
To me.
You slept with Sam?
Oh, yeah.
Slow down, baby.
Okay. Okay, okay, okay, stop.
No, don't fight it.
Stop. Stop, stop, stop. Stop. Stop.
Shh. Shh. Just close your eyes. Stop.
Shut up. Shut up.
No, please don't do this.
Let's go. Joss, let's go.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Harry...
What a delicate flower you are.
Did you put this bucket here?
I did.
Glad to see you're making the most of it.
What happened last night?
Seriously. I don't remember anything.
Probably for the best.
Although, maybe not.
Lessons must be learned and whatnot.
Must they?
So what's going on with you?
You were in a bit of a state last night
even before the Tequila took over.
Alex broke up with me.
Sorry to hear that.
Sorry but not surprised, right?
It's not like anyone ever expected me
to be relationship material.
Well, not with a woman, because...
you're not a lesbian.
It shouldn't matter, Harry.
Uh, yeah.
It does.
No, but it shouldn't.
I'm supposed to be this
sexually liberated free spirit,
and...
maybe it's all just a load of crap.
Maybe I'm actually a self-destructive,
emotionally stunted idiot.
Maybe you're both.
Seriously, I will puke on your face.
Uh, you do have a tendency
to make things harder
than they need to be, Joss,
but that's what your
20s are about, I suppose.
What, being stupid?
Screwing up enough
until you figure out who you are...
and what you want.
You know what's great about you, Joss,
is that...
you'll try anything.
What's not so great
is that you don't know when to stop.
But you'll figure it out.
Hey.
You're not broken.
Yep.
Gonna sharf.
Thanks for sitting down with me.
Um, I've just been
thinking about Lucy nonstop
and... wanted to make
sure everything was okay.
I don't know how okay it is.
We haven't talked about anything.
Did you at least ground her?
It didn't seem like the right thing to do.
She was... so scared, and...
I don't know. It's not
like when she was a baby.
Do you remember that
9-1-1 book we used to have?
The green one?
Yeah.
I think we dog-eared every page.
I don't know what I'm doing.
You're doing everything you can.
You said it. I mean,
she's not a baby anymore.
She probably senses something's off.
Yeah, and when I try
and talk to her about it,
she refuses.
Maybe she needs to talk to someone else.
You mean like a therapist?
Sorry. That's probably stupid.
No, no, it's... it's not stupid.
It's not stupid at all.
Good morning, Joss.
I hear congratulations are in order.
Why are you smiling at me like that?
You're freaking me out.
I'm just sucking up to the new boss,
who I hear
has a thing for the ladies.
Truth be told... I swing.
Oh, my God. You're kidding
me. I'm the new manager?
Well, yeah, Olivier announced it yesterday.
I guess you were out celebrating.
No.
What... what are you doing?
I'm quitting, Mona.
Do you want my frog?
Oh, yes.
Wait. But you just got promoted.
Exactly.
I'm getting better and
better at a job that I hate.
This is not what I want to
do for the rest of my life.
Well, what do you want
to do with your life?
I don't know,
but I'm not gonna figure it out
selling crappy houses to crappy people.
Hey, can I have your desk?
Sure.
Oh, sweetie, you missed one.
Thanks, I...
Oh, wait.
Um, that's... that's my property.
Yeah, I just gave you a frog, Mona.
Call it a parting gift.
You know, I'm really sick of
seeing your name on my phone.
Then stop coming after me.
It's over, Elizabeth.
What are you babbling on about now?
I know you contacted the state board
to have my license suspended.
And they have. So you won, okay?
You won.
I have no idea what you're saying to me.
My license is suspended.
You're saying you had no part in that?
No, actually, I didn't.
So I guess I'm not the only person
who finds you a giant bitch.
Good-bye, Elizabeth.
Wait, wait, wait.
Let me get this straight.
So you ruin my life,
and all that happens to you is,
you get your license suspended?
What a joke.
Did she just hang up on me?
Unbelievable.
Was that Karen?
Excuse me?
Don't you mean Dr. Kim?
Or are you two that close now?
You're wasted.
Hey, don't you walk away from me!
I'm not talking to you
when you're like this, mom.
So I thought we could go back to that,
uh, therapist... Dr. Foley.
You remember her?
She was the therapist you saw af...
After dad died. Yeah.
If you want to see someone else, we...
Why can't you just ground
me like a normal person?
It's not supposed to
be a punishment, honey.
I'm just worried about you.
And since you don't seem
to want to talk to me...
Oh, my God. Are you kidding?
No, I'm not kidding.
I'm trying to figure out a way
to get us back to the way we used to be.
You and me... we were the dynamic duo,
remember?
What?
Tell me what you're
thinking. I can't fix it...
It's not my fault we're
not the dynamic duo anymore.
You're never here.
You're right.
It's my fault, and I'm sorry, Lucy.
I'm truly sorry.
It's not your fault.
It's just what happens. I get it.
You get what?
You're with Richard now.
It makes sense, you don't
have time for me anymore.
Oh, honey. Is that what you think?
It's obvious you like him a lot,
which means you're gonna get married and...
Whoa. Whoa. Slow down.
Nobody is getting married.
Maybe not now, but someday.
Is... is that what's been worrying you?
Do you not like Richard?
I like him okay.
And Madi's nice.
I'm just not ready for a new family.
I kinda still miss our old one.
Ooh, okay.
Okay, blow it out.
No, you blow it out.
No, I'm scared.
Okay, why did you order this?
Because I know how much you like chocolate.
All right, all right.
I'm gonna blow it out.
But if I gets all over your dress,
you can't get mad.
Oh, I'll be mad.
- Okay, so put... all right, shield up.
- Okay.
- Shield up. Ready?
- Yeah.
All right.
Oh, come on.
Come on! Okay, that's it. That's it.
Next time I'm picking the restaurant
and I'm picking the dessert.
I mean, assuming there is a next time.
Yep.
It feels like there could be.
Doesn't it?
It does to me.
Remember when we wanted this
to go outside our offices?
Our failed logo.
I was so obsessed with
seeing my name on the door,
we hired three different companies
to come up with this design.
Spent a fortune.
Couple a hundred bucks, I think.
It felt like a lot at the time.
I'm so sorry, Jacob.
About what?
Which part?
All of it.
About keeping things from you,
putting you in this position.
I'm the one who turned you in, Karen.
I thought you should know.
But... why?
You said you understood.
I understood helping a sick patient.
Don't understand sleeping with him.
That's fine.
But to go behind my back? Why would you...
Wait. Hold on. Hold on.
Are you seriously gonna
talk to me right now
about going behind your back?
For months, Karen,
for months, I have been sitting here
like a... like a jackass...
supporting you, trusting you.
And this whole time,
you... you've been lying to my face?
Jacob, I'm so sorry.
I don't believe you.
And that's the problem. I...
I don't think I can believe a word you say,
ever again.
Which means...
there's really no way to continue this.
Continue what?
What are you saying?
I'm... I'm saying...
I'm saying, we're done.
When your suspension is up,
don't bother coming back.
Hey.
You can't keep doing this.
No, no, I'm not. I swear.
I'm not gonna be that person.
I know we... we can't get back together
and I know we can't be friends anymore.
I get it.
Okay.
What's this?
It's not a huge space,
but it's got great light, big windows.
It's in a cool up-and-coming
area near Echo Park.
I think it'd make a perfect yoga studio.
I already negotiated the
price down to nothing,
so just give Quinn a call
and tell him I sent you, okay?
I have a question.
Anything.
Why did you do this?
I mean, I know why I did it.
I... I was hoping so badly
that it would work out,
even though, deep down,
I knew that I couldn't change you, and...
No, no, no.
But you did change me.
Joss...
You were never gonna become a lesbian.
No.
Probably not.
Why did you try to be?
For you.
If being in a relationship was
the only way that we could
keep hanging out together,
then... I thought I'd go for it.
I just wanted to be with you.
This was free.
It shouldn't be.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you. This was
supposed to be my treat.
Next time.
It's cold.
You know what? Come here. Come here.
I never knew you were such a gentleman.
There's a lot of things
you don't know about me.
Was that not okay? I thought that, um...
Yeah, I know.
I thought so, too.
It's, uh, it's okay.
I... I understand.
You're not... you're not ready.
Maybe it's just too soon?
So she'll start seeing Dr. Foley this week.
Once a week for now,
and then we'll see how it goes.
That sounds great.
I'm glad Lucy was open to it.
Well, she's not thrilled
about it, but it's...
it's the right thing to do.
I also wanted to say, thank
you for your suggestion.
I'm glad I was here.
Uh, so what time is your flight?
Actually, it was a few hours ago.
I want to stay, April.
That's not...
What does that even mean?
How can you think to...
I want a second chance.
I'll do whatever it takes.
That's impossible. You
can't just start over.
Why not?
You committed fraud, for one thing.
So I'll turn myself in.
If I have to go to jail, then so be it.
Look, I made the biggest
mistake of my life.
All I want to do now is make it right.
I want to be with my wife
and my little girl, who I love.
I miss my family, April.
Uh, hey, Jeff, it's Savi.
Don't pull the plug.
I can't let Harry lose his
restaurant because of me.
And since I can't seem
to move on with my life,
maybe this will be good for both of us.
I'll, uh, send you a check tomorrow.
Uh, but... but please,
don't let Harry know that
the money came from me.
Okay, bye.
- synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org